♪ I swam all
around the world ♪
♪ I've seen this ocean
on my own ♪
♪ And then I found
my way to Reeftown ♪
♪ And I knew that
I'd found my home ♪
♪ I met my friend
Bubbles here ♪
♪ Our friendship
is the best ♪
[all]
♪ Oh, dive in ♪
- ♪ Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
[all] ♪ We're making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ Come along with us
and see it all ♪
♪ With pals
like Dunk and Ripple ♪
♪ We'll explore
this world together ♪
[both] ♪ When you share
adventures with your friends ♪
♪ It makes them
so much better ♪
[all] ♪ Oh, dive in,
Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
- [all] ♪ We're making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ In this world
beyond belief ♪
[all] ♪ Come see
the greatest reef ♪
♪ Oh, dive in,
Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
- [all] ♪ Start making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ Come along with us,
dive right in ♪
♪ Da da da da da ♪
Rise and shine,
everybody!
[giggles]
Do you know what today is?
A day you woke us up
too early?
Aw, I'm sorry, Dunk.
That's okay.
I'll just go back to...
- Wake up, Dunk!!
- Ahh!
Who? What? Why?
Why am I up again?
Well, today is something
very special.
- It is?
- [laughs]
What's going on?
Wha--
today is the anniversary
of the day
that Splash came to Reeftown!
It is? Hey, Ripple!
It's Splash's "day he moved
to Reeftown" anniversary!
We should have
thought about that!
What are we gonna do?
Oh, we've already
got that covered.
- We do?
- Yep.
We've got a great day planned
for The Day
That Splash Moved To Reeftown
Anniversary Celebration.
Aw, you guys remembered
my big day!
Of course we did, buddy!
You think we'd forget about
an important thing
like the Day You Moved
To Reeftown anniversary?
Aw, well, that's so nice.
So what are we gonna do
to celebrate today, guys?
Yeah, what are we gonna do?
- [stammers]
- Dunk!
Uhh... oh! [laughs]
I mean, uh, we could do
that thing...
or that other thing...
or...
We were thinking
that we could remember back
to all the fun things
we did together
when you first
came to Reeftown,
and, uh, do 'em again!
That sounds like a lot of fun!
What should we do first?
Oh! Play in a mud puddle?
- Make some sand art!
- Oh!
Yeah! Or go down
the big slide at Dorsal Park!
So what do you think
we should do first, Splash?
Hmm, I think we should do
all of those things!
We can each prepare
one fun thing to do with you.
- Sounds great!
- Yeah!
Gotcha. I'm going off
to make some sand art.
I'll make you
something great, Buddy.
And I'm gonna find
the muddiest mud puddle ever!
Great!
Wanna go on the slide with me
while we're waiting?
Sure!
Let's go!
- Okie dokey!
- Whoo-hoo!
Whoo-hoo! Ah!
[chorus] ♪ Do do do do do,
he's doing, doing it ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ I don't know what I'm doing,
I'm just doing it ♪
[chorus] ♪ Do do do do,
he's doing it ♪
♪ I'm playing and I'm jumping,
I'm just moving it ♪
[chorus] ♪ Do do do do,
he's doing it ♪
♪ I don't know what I'm doing,
but I'm getting it done ♪
♪ Everyone can see
that I'm having some fun ♪
♪ And I don't know
what I'm doing ♪
♪ I'm just doing it ♪
Whoo! Whoo! Whoo!
♪ Whatever it is
I'm working on ♪
♪ Well, it's working for me ♪
[chorus]
♪ He's working it out now ♪
♪ I don't worry
if it's right or wrong ♪
♪ I just do, do, do it,
what comes naturally ♪
♪ Every day, I'm coming up
with something new ♪
♪ I'm happy when I do it,
and I like what I do ♪
♪ And I don't know
what I'm doing ♪
♪ I'm just doing it,
doing it ♪
♪ Do, do, do, do,
Ha-ha! Yeah!
Ah ha! Whoo-hoo! Yeah!
I think I'll call this
masterpiece
"Art For My Friend Splash."
Huh? Huh?
Guys,
I know you're back there!
If you want to see my sand
pattern,
just come out and look!
[gasps] Who are you?
Another puffer fish?
Are you my twin?
[giggles]
Hi, my name is Puffy.
Who are you?
I'm Dunk.
Wait, you look like me.
But you don't sound like me.
That's 'cause
I'm a girl puffer fish
and you're a boy puffer fish.
Right, I'm a boy puffer fish.
[chuckles] Silly me!
- You're funny!
- No, you're funny!
[both laughing]
So where did you come from?
I live on another reef,
and, well,
I was just swimming by,
I came to tell you that
I really like your sand art.
Oh!
Uh, this usually doesn't happen.
I'm just a little bit..
Nervous?
- Yeah.
Your art is so detailed.
The patterns are beautiful,
and, uh-- ah!
Hey! You puffed up, too!
So is it noticeable?
You bet it is!
And I love it.
Really?
Of course!
Finally, someone else
who really understands
what it's like
to be a puffer fish.
Um, well, I'm really glad
to know you, Dunk.
And, um, maybe you can
show me around your reef?
I'd really like to see it.
I'd love to show it to you.
[both laughing nervously]
[both shouting]
[both laughing]
[laughing]
Yes, yes, and yes!
Hey, guys!
I found my mud puddle.
- Oh, that's great, Bubbles!
- Whoo-hoo-hoo!
[laughter]
Hey, uh...
wait, where's Dunk?
I thought he'd be here
by now.
He said he was gonna make
some sand art.
It's taking him a long time.
Well, let's go find him!
Let the anniversary celebration
continue!
- Whoo-hoo!
- Yeah!
- Happy anniversary!
- Come on, guys!
- [loud chomping]
- There's his sand art.
- But where's Dunk?
- [munching]
Hmm, um, oh!
Let's go ask Chompy.
- Oh! Okay.
- Yeah.
Hi, Chompy!
Hey!
Oh, hi, kids!
[laughs]
Where are my manners?
Talking with my mouth full
again!
That's okay, Chompy.
We were wondering
if you've seen Dunk?
Sure,
I've seen the original Dunk
and the Dunk of another color,
kinda pinkish?
- They went that way.
- Huh?
Dunk of another color?
How could that be?
Well, maybe we should go back
to the slide and wait for him?
Oh! Good idea, Ripple!
Well, thanks, Chompy!
Say hi to Dunk and
Dunk of Another Color for me!
So this is Coral Cove.
Most of my friends sleep here.
Oh, hey, Gush,
this is my new friend, Puffy.
Oh, nice to meet you.
Oh, nice to meet you!
- Gush is a frogfish.
- Ah, how interesting.
Yes, and some other
interesting facts about frogfish
are they have gills behind
their fins, and they use--
And they can propel themselves
with jet-powered speed.
Not to mention
excellent camouflage.
Why, thank you.
Wow!
You're my first friend
who knows as much
about everything on the reef
as I do!
I think Dunk here has met
his fin-facts match.
- [giggles]
- I think I have.
Let me show you
around Reeftown some more!
Oh, that sounds great.
Oh, Dunk?
Can I ask you something?
Oh, uh, sure, Gush.
Aren't your friends expecting
you today
for Splash's anniversary
of his first day in Reeftown?
Oh, no!
I guess I got so busy
showing Puffy around,
I completely forgot.
I think Ripple said they were
waiting for you at the slide.
But I have Puffy with me.
She doesn't know them.
So?
So...
what if they don't like her?
Or what if they like her
too much,
and then she doesn't
have time for me?
Just introduce Puffy
to your friends.
I guarantee you can make
new friends and keep the old.
Gush, you are very wise.
[laughs]
And don't forget my jet powers!
Wow!
- Wow! Jet power!
- Look at him go!
Come on, let me show you
Dorsal Park!
All right.
- Whoo-hoo-hoo!
- Splash, that's so good!
Hey, Dunk!
- There you are!
- Oh!
And, uh,
Dunk of Another Color!
Splash, Bubbles, Ripple,
this is my friend Puffy.
Oh!
Nice to meet you, Puffy.
- Nice to meet all of you.
- Wow!
Did anyone ever tell you
that you two look exactly alike?
Yeah.
Except for the pinkish color.
And that's not all
we have in common.
- [giggles]
- [both inhale]
- Whoa!
- Oh, look!
- We both kinda...
- [both] Puff up!
[both laugh]
Well, uh, do you want to play
on the slide with us?
[both] We'd love to!
All right, come on!
Let's go!
- Great!
- All right!
Dunk, I really like
your new friend, Puffy.
She's nice.
Why didn't you bring her here
earlier?
Well, I kinda wasn't
so sure it'd be okay.
- You weren't?
- Yeah, I was so excited
to have a new friend
that I wasn't thinking
about my old friends
for a while.
And then I kinda got worried
about mixing them together.
- But why?
- Mostly I was worried
that Puffy and all of you guys
wouldn't be friends
and that someone
would feel bad.
Dunk, old friends
or new friends,
you can never have
too many friends.
That's what I realized!
Uh, right after Gush told me,
that is.
Well, I'm glad you came, Dunk.
This Anniversary of Splash
Coming to Reeftown Day
wouldn't have been complete
without you.
- Thanks, Ripple.
- Oh, oh, oh!
Oh, one more piece of advice.
Show her your
Daredevil Dunk Dive Slide!
She'll like that.
- Great idea!
- Yeah! Let's go!
Whoa! Look, I'm doing it!
I'm doing it!
[all cheering and shouting]
- Wow!
- Nailed it!
Wow!
That looked like so much fun!
You should try it.
One tip.
Don't puff up in the middle
of the curve, because... ouch.
Okay! Here I go!
Don't puff up in the middle
of the curve!
- Puffy!
- Yeah, Puffy!
- You can do it!
- [laughs]
Thanks for being so nice
to Puffy, guys.
Well, of course.
We love making new friends.
I'm so glad
to have friends like you.
Oh, and Splash, I hope
you've been having fun on your
Anniversary of the Day You Came
to Reeftown celebration.
Oh, yeah, buddy,
the best time ever!
In fact, you brought me
the nicest
anniversary surprise ever.
Someone newer to the reef
than I am!
- [laughs]
- Go for it, Puffy!
- Come on, Puffy!
- Yeah!
Guess that makes this Puffy's
Welcome to Reeftown Day,
so now we have
two things to celebrate!
- Whoo-hoo!
- [all cheering]
All right, you guys.
Let's go up to the top!
Last one there's
a broken barnacle!
Yeah!
Come on!
[snoring]
I don't want
any more plankton.
I just...
[mumbling]
- Whoa!
- Whoa! Huh?
- Whoa! Is it just me,
or is the reef a little
shakier than usual?
What in the deep blue sea
is going on?
Hold on, buddy.
I just need to stop swooshing.
- What was that?
- It's just the big shake.
Yeah, it happens
from time to time.
Uh, I don't remember
that ever happening before.
Well, don't worry, buddy.
Next time won't be that bad.
Next time? You mean...
there are more of them?
Well, yeah, sometimes
you get smaller shakes
after the big shake.
It's no big deal.
[yawns]
Hey, I heard
there was a big shake.
Heard? You didn't feel it?
I must've slept
right through it.
You slept through it?
H-how did you do that?
Well, when you have
499 brothers,
you learn to sleep
through a lot of commotion.
Well, is everyone okay
in there?
[papa] We're okay in here,
Splash, just a little messy.
But thank you for asking!
Yeah, just a few
pebbles and shells fell down.
No big deal.
I'm gonna help my papa
clean up.
My brothers always put things
in the wrong places.
Anyway, gotta go!
See ya!
- See ya!
- Yeah, see ya, Ripple. See ya.
- Are you all right, Splash?
- Huh?
Oh, uh, me?
Yeah, of course.
Why wouldn't I be?
I mean, there was a big shake.
And that's normal, apparently.
And, uh, I, uh--
Okay, seriously, how is everyone
so calm about this?! [screams]
Oh, no,
Splash is gonna puff up!
Deep breaths, Splash.
Deep breaths.
Dunk,
fusiliers don't puff up.
- Oh, right!
- Guys, I feel like
I'm being really silly
about this, I'm sorry.
You're not being silly, Splash.
It was your first big shake.
Anyone can get nervous
after their first shake.
I know I was.
Or at least I think I was.
Yeah. I guess
we're just used to them.
Well, do you know
what the big shake is?
[laughs] Of course!
It's, uh...
Yeah, I don't know what it is.
I bet there's a perfectly good
explanation for why it happens.
If we find out, would that make
you feel better, Splash?
Well, yeah.
Maybe, I guess so.
You know what?
Gush knows so much.
I bet he knows
what causes the big shake.
- Hey, yeah.
- Huh? Let's go find him.
- Come on.
- Oh, great, thanks, guys.
That was quite the big shake
this morning.
Did you kids feel that?
Yep,
and it was Splash's first one!
Yeah, and we were hoping
that maybe you could help me
be prepared
for when it happens again.
Oh, that's a good idea because
they're pretty unpredictable.
But even if you don't know
when they're gonna happen,
you can always be prepared
for what will happen.
- Well, like what?
- Well, the water for one thing.
It'll move in all sorts
of directions,
- swishing back and forth.
- That's how I woke up.
I was like swish!
And swoosh!
And it can kick up
loose pebbles and sand,
so you should find
a secure place to take shelter
so nothing falls on you.
Thanks, Gush.
That's-- that's good advice!
Hey, no problem!
You kids be safe now, okay?
- Oh, we will.
- Thank you, Gush.
Bye!
So, you see, Splash?
The big shake just causes
the water to swish around.
Not so bad, right?
Yeah, but it felt like all
of Reeftown Rock was shaking!
Maybe we need to go deeper
to solve the problem.
We need to see someone who
spends all their time on rocks.
But who?
- [gasps]
- Huh?
- Pearlene!
- Yeah!
Ooh, I remember
my first big shake.
It was all rumbly.
I thought I was gonna shake
right on out of my shell!
- I sure was nervous.
- I'm glad to hear I'm not
the only one who felt that way,
Pearlene.
Well, except for the shell part.
And you don't get nervous
anymore, right, Pearlene?
Nope, sometimes it feels
like the ground
underneath my rock is rolling,
and I just kinda
go along for the ride.
The ground rolls
and makes your rock shake?
That's it, but luckily,
if it gets too shaky,
I always have
my trusty shell to keep me safe.
- Ooh!
- Whoa!
- Oh!
- Hey, hey.
It's okay there, Splash.
This is just another one
of those little shakes
that happen afterwards.
See? It's all over.
Oh, oh, yeah.
Thanks, Bubbles.
See? All safe in here.
Wow, that shell is handy
in more ways than one!
Well, thanks
for all your help, Pearlene!
You're welcome.
- Bye!
- Bye, Pearlene!
So, does the big shake start
in the ocean floor?
Oh, it starts
a lot lower than that, kids.
- Hi, Flo!
So it sounds like
you're learning
a lot about earthquakes.
- What's that?
- Earthquakes?
It's when the ground
underneath you quakes,
which is also another word
for "shakes."
So, earthquakes happen when
the ground underneath us shakes?
Right. You see, the closer
you are to the ground,
the more you feel it,
ao if you're in
the shallow waters of Reeftown,
you're gonna feel it more.
That's probably why you've
never felt it before, Splash!
Well, I-I guess
that makes sense.
Well, we still don't know
why that happens.
Well, I wish I could help you
there, Splash.
But I do know
that earthquakes are caused
by something under
the ocean floor,
but I've never been able
to go that far down
to figure out what it was.
Hm... if only we knew someone
who was an expert
on things
that happen in the deep.
Bubbles, what are you
talking about?!
- We know Lu!
- Ohh, Dunk!
All right, well, thanks, Flo!
All right, you guys.
Let's go even deeper!
- Yeah!
- See you later!
- Bye, Flo!
- Bye, kids!
So you kids felt it
all the way up there?
'Cause we really felt it
down here.
Oh, yeah, we were
shaking and shimmying.
And I'm not talking
about dancing.
I'm talking about our cave!
- [laughs]
- Oh, are you guys okay?
Oh, sure.
Nothing to worry about.
It's just a part of nature.
Earthquakes can really make it
rattle down here.
But they're an important part
of our world.
Why would earthquakes be
an important part of our world?
Hmm, well, to find out,
we gotta go even deeper
than this, kids!
- Ya ready?
- Yeah!
- Let's go!
- Whoo-hoo!
- Going deeper!
You might remember
the submarine volcano?
Ah!
Who could forget?
This place is amazing!
Well, it wouldn't be here
if not for earthquakes!
Wait, what?
That's right, earthquakes happen
when the ground
way underneath
the ocean floor pushes together.
Sometimes it pushes together
so hard,
it causes the shaking
you felt earlier,
which can be a little scary.
But all that pushing
also helps
to make
some really wonderful things,
like mountains
or this volcano.
You said it, Bobby!
All that movement underground
puts pressure
on the m-m-magma
way down below.
When there's too much
pressure... kablooey!
Eruption time!
Whoa!
Speaking of, here it comes.
[all gasping]
[all exclaim and laugh]
Everybody okay there, kiddos?
- Yeah!
- All good.
How about you, Splash-aroo?
Actually, I'm just fine.
Huh.
Now that I know that earthquakes
are just a normal part
of nature, I--
well, it makes me feel better.
Hey, thanks, Lu!
Ha, no problem!
Ooh!
Would you look at that?
[Bobby] That is some
magnificent magma!
- Sure is, Bobby.
- Whoa.
And then we learned
that you were right, Flo!
[gasps] I love that!
- What was I right about?
- [laughs]
That earthquakes do
start underneath the earth,
way underneath the earth
when the ground
pushes against itself
and causes everything
all the way up here to shake!
Can you believe that?
- Ahh, ahh!
- Shake, shake, shake, shake!
I sure can, Dunk, because
our whole planet is connected.
The water, the air,
and even the land above
are all part
of our one big ocean!
[upbeat music,
Flo humming]
♪ I think it's terrific ♪
♪ To know
the Atlantic and Pacific ♪
♪ The names of the Indian
and the Arctic ♪
♪ And the Southern, too ♪
♪ But I'm here to say
I see them another way ♪
♪ I just see One Big Ocean ♪
♪ It's all connected ♪
♪ One Big Ocean ♪
♪ It needs to be respected ♪
♪ And I wanna tell you
we've got to protect it ♪
♪ Our one big ocean ♪
♪ Gotta do our best with this
world we are sharing ♪
♪ And it's good to know
that so many are caring ♪
♪ 'Cause what
they're doin' up there ♪
- [chorus] ♪ Doin' up there ♪
- ♪ Matters right here ♪
♪ In our One Big Ocean ♪
♪ It's all connected ♪
♪ One Big Ocean ♪
♪ It needs to be respected ♪
♪ And I wanna tell you
we've got to protect it ♪
♪ Keep it growing and giving ♪
♪ Colorful and living ♪
♪ One Big Ocea-a-n ♪
♪ One Big Ocean ♪
I love this place.
- Whoa!
Hey, are you okay, Splash?
Uh...
[surprised] yeah!
You know what?
I'm-- I'm fine.
Well, now that I know
what causes the big shakes,
well, I feel much better.
[gasps] Hey, do you think
that last big shake
made another mountain
somewhere?
[gasps] Yeah!
Or-- or maybe a volcano!
Ooh, so cool!
Let's go find it.
- I'm gonna find it first!
- What?!
No, wait for me!
I'm gonna find it first!
[upbeat music]
♪ Da da, da da ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Oooh ♪
♪ Da da, da da ♪
♪ Ooh ooh, ooh ooh ♪
♪ Da da da da da ♪